I'm Beidou. You've heard of my ship, The Crux, and its crew? If you too love adventure, then join me. I've got your back.
If you ever want to trade tactics, I'm always ready.
Ah! A cold beer after a hard day's work, nothing like it!
It's hard to remain on dry land for so long. Can never seem to quite get my land legs back.
When stuck on a deserted island, rain is a precious source of drinking water. There's no need for it now though.
Hey, it's just a little lightning. No need to fear it on the open ocean, so there's even less need to fear it on dry land.
This weather would be great for setting sail.
Wind's picking up. If sand gets in your eyes, be sure not to rub them.
Yo, good morning. I'm about to head off, coming with me?
Let's get Xiangling to whip us up something for lunch. Believe me, a hot meal from her is far better than the salted fish we eat out at sea.
Alright, I'm off for a drink. Hahaha, no-one willing to sell you a proper drink huh? Perhaps I can...
Time moves quickly. Haha, go, may the wind be at your back.
We're setting sail! Men, to your posts! A new adventure is about to begin!
I'm the captain, so you can be my first mate! Deal? Ha? Such names are too outdated for you huh? We'll call each other whatever you wish then.
I tend to be a good judge of character. When you've learned to read the open ocean, reading people is a cinch. Haha, and that's how I knew you're the good sort the second I laid eyes on ya!
I chose you as my crewmate, as my comrade on the sea. It gives me great pride to be able to say that.
To those who don't have a Vision, it must seem that those with Visions are like flagships from the Archons to follow. As such, I make sure to fly my flag with pride. That is my motivation.
At a loss? When you don't know what to do, just take the first step. The rest will figure itself out naturally.
Every time I return from a long journey and I see the lapis gledes, I'm reminded that I'm almost home. The scenery out on the open ocean gets familiar real quick. Sure, they're birds of prey, but seeing them fly so freely is heart-warming.
Before you step foot on The Alcor, you need to answer one question. When the sea is full of perils — why is it that you still wish to come aboard my ship?
You want to know of my legendary tales? Hahaha, that's just my men exaggerating, adding in their own little details. Although, if you were to ask me if I'm afraid of what monsters lurk in the deep, I'd tell you I have no fear of them.
You wanna know why I help the common folk? Why not? Everyone has their low points in life. I don't really do anything other than help steer those who are truly lost towards a brighter future.
I've been through some hard times. When I was a child we had little money, so nothing to eat, and lived for years by stealing fruit off of people's trees. Even after I got my own ship, I was cast out by pompous merchants. But me telling you such stories is merely for your amusement. I have no intention of making you live through it too.
I have many brothers that sail with me. I have asked, and remember, why each and every one of them came on board. You, however, are special. I know you still have your own things to deal with, and as such, I won't try to rope you into coming onboard permanently. But remember, there is always a place for you onboard The Alcor.
My hobbies...? Lemme think... Well, there's adventure, sailing, making friends, drinking, eating... more than I can count on one hand.If you can change something, change it. If you can't, don't waste time thinking about it. That's how I go about things. But, really if you get stuck, come find me. I'll help you deal with it.
I like food with robust flavors. Spicy fried meat or spicy tofu are my favorites. Sitting down to a big hearty meal together, where everyone can fill their bellies — now that's when things get lively! Haha, alright, alright, all this talk is making me hungry!
I'm not a fan of anything cold, it does nothing to fire up my appetite. I'd rather fry up a few fish.
Come, board my ship. I've gathered the crew. The food and drink are all prepared. Today is your birthday, so you are the captain. Haha, so: Where should we set sail?
Great! I feel much stronger.
We're making progress, let's crack open a bottle to celebrate!
A prime example! It is an honor to have you aboard. I need to keep up if I'm to keep the respect of my crew.
After all this training, I feel like I'm finally at my best. Thank you... But please, I'd still like for you to keep me on my toes.
Alright! Let's go.
Come with me.
I trust you.
Back off!
Take this!
Back at ya!
Power that ended Haishan!
Eyes on me!
To ashes!
If you ever want to trade tactics, I'm always ready. 
Ah! A cold beer after a hard day's work, nothing like it! 
It's hard to remain on dry land for so long. Can never seem to quite get my land legs back. 
[grunts] - Just a scratch.
Ah, not bad.
This... isn't good...
Crew! Set sail for home...
Men! Fall back...